# Comp-Graphics-3D-Scene

# Journal Prompts:

1: I have a bew appreciation for programming and designing software in general.   As frustrating and difficult it wsa to try to get the project done right, it definitely made me understand where I am at with my current skills.  Knowing where you are is great to formulate a plan and keep moving forward.  My new design skills include a more complete understanding of all the parts to even a simple program like creating a scene.  Working through this project helped me to make sure all the pieces fit together correctly and work.  I know now where to include files and include them at the start of the program.  Also linking libraries and linker inputs were all great skills to gain.  I am more confident in including and working with framweworks.  It was cool seeing how you can include images with the stb.h file that is found on github.  I know github is a great resource.  I know once I have more time I will be able to focus on the work at my own pace and catch a lot more.  Due to time constraints I had to really just brute my way through the tutorials.  That is the only real design process that I followed.  Work through the tutorial and try not to break anything.  These tactics will abslutely be implemented in future programs.  I know now to start very very early, ask for help, and squeexze every bit of focused work out of whatever time I can have available to do the work.
2. I now approach developing programs by working with stack overflow, github and whatever other resources are available to me.  I needed some assistance at pretty much every step of the game, and the tutorials and the coursework resources.  They were veyr helpful as well.  Not to wish any time away, but I will be very happy once I can complete the schooling and work on programming as a hobby with all of my newly available time.  I have even considered a "boot camp" that I see advertised everywhere. Iteration was constantly part of my project.  Each tutorial built on one another and led to the final project.  First we began with the window, then a simple shape, then a camera, then lights, and finally bringing it all together.  
3. Computer science will absolutely help me achieve my goals.  I am looking to get into the IT field however possible.  I may need to get a foot in the door and work my way up, but that is a quest I am willing to take.  I am very much a beginner programmer, but am a much better beginner programmer now after taking this course.  I am more prepared to start tackling bigger projects and move forward with my courses and get everything completed.
